How could this be?
Did it count once?
Hahahaha Skinken
Did you see it?
The clouds in your country have dissipated
Now obediently hand over my Western Medicine Royal National Treasure
Otherwise
I will bring my cavalry to level China
Bold you to burn that
William, you are not dead
Delusional use of star luck magic to destroy my country's national luck
I will die today by the sword of my declaration
sword thunder
Well, since you're courting death
Give it to me
up
Lord War God
Murderous growth
The gas is weakened
The atmosphere of China's expansion is declining
To be exhausted
I crossed the luck general
Ah, how could that be?
How could this be?
irritating me
Treasure of my fart
They'd row me through.
Well, this is me crossing the treasure
Steal it for you
Thanks to the wise recapture of the previous emperor
Although it was lost to the public a year ago
But as of today
I will never let the treasure live again